---
{
  "priority": "0.5",
  "haveYoutube": false,
  "haveGithubGist": false,
  "haveTwitter": false,
  "date": "2021-01-29T23:34:49.000Z",
  "title": "Mark Your Calendars (and More): Best Upcoming Events February 1, 2021 — February 5, 2021",
  "Slug": "mark-your-calendars-and-more-best-upcoming-events-february-1-2021-february-5-2021",
  "description": "It’s been a few months since I’ve written about something other than the events taking place during the week. And while I was hosting a happy hour for my team the other week at MK Partners I realized I should be telling people what we do for fun during this hour! Sometimes these events consist of chit chat and sometimes we have an activity. So this week I’m going to focus on a few activities you can play with your team and/or company virtually that don’t require apps or screen sharing. So sit back, open up your calendars, pick a day to have a team or company happy hour and let’s get planning!!.",
  "tags": ["events", "culture"],
  "author": { "name": Caylin Schmenk, "title": undefined, "jpeg": undefined },
  "layout": "single",
  "thumbnail": { "url": "/img/1_olEH9KakMcD_dMlVmMx52w.jpg" },
}
---

It’s been a few months since I’ve written about something other than the events taking place during the week. And while I was hosting a happy hour for my team the other week at MK Partners I realized I should be telling people what we do for fun during this hour! Sometimes these events consist of chit chat and sometimes we have an activity. So this week I’m going to focus on a few activities you can play with your team and/or company virtually that don’t require apps or screen sharing. So sit back, open up your calendars, pick a day to have a team or company happy hour and let’s get planning!!
A few weeks ago my team participated in a scavenger hunt. Scavenger hunts are one of the perfect virtual games because you can have any number of participants, you don’t need to install anything or use another piece of technology and other members of their household can join in! You also learn about your team during this activity. A lot of scavenger hunts require you to find an item, such as a penny or a book, however you can add items that require more thought, like something that is the color blue or makes noise. Everyone comes back with their interpretations of that item and there is usually a story behind some of them!
One game you can passively play over the week, every few weeks is BINGO. Obviously due to the pandemic, there are now tons of pandemic BINGO cards on the internet and you can support a small business by purchasing the pdf cards from sites such as Etsy. Once you get the cards (or make your own) you can send everyone a card at the beginning of the work week and see who won at the end of the week! It’s a great way to take a social break and reconnect with your coworkers for something not work related.
A Pictionary virtual game is also a great way to team build and focus on communication skills! One person will pick an item and describe it to the team for them to draw out without telling them what the item is. Additionally, the person describing the item can’t use any keywords or noises. You end the game either when someone gets it right or when the time runs out. There is no need to break out into teams for this event, which makes it an easy game to play virtually as well. It’s interesting to see how people interpret your description and you’ll get to see everyones hilarious or beautiful drawings!
Another good happy hour game to play with your team involved coffee and/or tea! As a heads up, this game does require someone on your team to purchase a bunch of fun and different coffee and tea flavors and then get those out to your team. You’ll want to make sure that everyone gets the same flavors and that they are safety packaged. Then set up a time for everyone to try all of these together in a particular order! It’s a good activity to do while chit chatting and a good way to stimulate conversation. Also, you will enjoy watching some peoples faces when they taste something they don’t like.
So the last game I’m going to mention is great for large teams and the larger the better! Werewolf or Mafia is a game that can be played in person or virtually and is a who did it kind of a game! This game is a little complex to explain and you will need your players to really understand the instructions in order to participate. This game can last anywhere from 15 minutes to 2 hours so make sure you set aside time for this one. For instructions on how to play the game virtually, [here is a great link](https://anjuansimmons.com/blog/how-to-play-werewolf-over-zoom/) for your team to refer to.
I hope these few games and activities were helpful and that you play them to not only to your team or work, but with your family and friends too!
And, if you’re still looking for some Salesforce-related content to add to your calendar for next week, join us for [Mambo Merge Office Hours](https://events.mkpartners.com/MamboMergeOfficeHours) on Thursday morning! Our speedy monthly webinar where we show off the latest and greatest in in-org document generation, answer questions, and ask users for insight into the features our they most want to see added next!
<strong>Recap</strong>
Last week the Portland, OR Nonprofit User group had an office hour style meeting to help with issues in your org in **PDXSung January 2021 Monthly Meeting**. We learned how sales teams are focusing on manufacturers trends and insights to help them sell in **B2B Commerce Trends and Next Steps for Manufactures in 2021. **We had a similar event, but about the financial service industry in the **The Future is Now: Keys to Financial Services Success in 2021**. The San Francisco, Ca Marketer (Pardot) group gave us **B2B Marketing/ Pardot User Group Virtual Happy Hour!** a laid back event to discuss all things marketing. Then in **6 Global Trends From the New State of Service** the hosts talked about how their data impacts organizations and the next steps businesses need to take.
Next, **3 Ways to Prepare for the Future of Sales** event talked about the trends and changes that small and medium businesses need to make to maintain their success, how technology can help and what tactics to use to connect more with customers. The Tacoma Nonprofit User group hosted **January Meeting: Recap of New Salesforce.org Features from 2020** to talk about the new features and enhancements in the nonprofit Salesforce community. Finally, ending the week with 2 half days full of content was **Nonprofit Dreamin’**! Tweet us [@mkpartners](http://twitter.com/mkpartners) and let us know what your favorite session was in Nonprofit Dreamin’!
Also, make sure to [let us know](https://appexchange.salesforce.com/appxConsultingListingDetail?listingId=a0N30000001gF9jEAE) if you think there are any events worth mentioning and what event you are excited about this upcoming week. And, as always, we will see you in the cloud.
