---
{
  "priority": "0.5",
  "haveYoutube": false,
  "haveGithubGist": false,
  "haveTwitter": false,
  "date": "2021-04-26T22:31:35.000Z",
  "title": "Mark Your Calendars: Best Salesforce Events April 26, 2021 — April 30, 2021",
  "Slug": "mark-your-calendars-best-salesforce-events-april-26-2021-april-30-2021",
  "description": "The last week of April is hefty. No spring cleaning for your calendar or schedule here. If anything I’m filling your calendar up, but don’t worry, it’s all good events and webinars. So sit back, open up your calendar, and let’s get planning!.",
  "tags": ["developer", "trailblazer", "events", "administrator"],
  "author": { "name": Caylin Schmenk, "title": undefined, "jpeg": undefined },
  "layout": "single",
  "thumbnail": { "url": "/img/1_Zf-fbav9juocmEWvipd-9w.jpg" },
}
---

The last week of April is hefty. No spring cleaning for your calendar or schedule here. If anything I’m filling your calendar up, but don’t worry, it’s all good events and webinars. So sit back, open up your calendar, and let’s get planning!
We get to kick off the week with a Taco Tuesday!! At 7pm (PT) on Tuesday, April 27th the Los Angeles, CA Salesforce User group is hosting [](https://trailblazercommunitygroups.com/events/details/salesforce-salesforce-user-group-los-angeles-united-states-presents-virtual-trailhead-taco-tuesday-april-2021/). So apparently this group is notorious for Trailhead Taco Tuesday, which consists of going out to try new taco joints while they talk about a specific Trailhead module they are all working on. Well seeing that everything is virtual, they can’t do that, so now it’s becoming a BYOT TTT aka Bring Your Own Taco Trailhead Taco Tuesday (say that 10x fast). They want to make this a regular occurrence virtually, so if this is your thing, then this is your group!
For the nonprofits who want to learn how to utilize their websites, then [](https://www.salesforce.com/form/sfdo/ngo/cmo-council-optimizing-your-website/?_ga=2.54257640.1107061001.1619107181-219845214.1586544338)\*\* **is the webinar for you! Taking place on Wednesday, April 28th at 9am (PT) Salesforce has invited the CIO of UNICEF to speak on how to capitalize on your website activity. This includes capturing insights on all of the visitors and optimizing that information, increasing site engagement, and improving the ROI of your marketing efforts.
Next the San Francisco, CA Salesforce [](https://trailblazercommunitygroups.com/events/details/salesforce-salesforce-marketer-group-pardot-san-francisco-united-states-presents-b2b-marketingpardot-user-group-virtual-happy-hour-2021-04-28/) is occurring at 4pm (PT). This is not only a social event, but also open for you to ask any marketing questions or issues you may have. They do ask that you RSVP, so follow our link to do so!
Thursday, April 29th is jammed packed with events, that even after I picked my favorites, it’s still bulky. Starting the day off at 9am (PT) [](https://www.salesforce.com/form/events/webinars/form-rss/3107522)** **is hosting speakers from Disney, Brave Ventures, and Culture Co-Op to talk about AI in advertising sales. Salesforce started a study this year to focus on current challenges in this industry, and even though they won’t have the results, we’ll still hear the guest speakers talk about the evolution and future of this industry. They will also discuss the potential of AI to elevate a salesperson’s role, a cookie-less future, how to tell a story right, how the CRO role is changing and the new sweet spot for advertising sales.
Also at 9am (PT), we have another event geared towards nonprofits. In [](https://www.salesforce.com/form/sfdo/ngo/digital-first-fundraising/?_ga=2.54257640.1107061001.1619107181-219845214.1586544338), Salesforce will be going over new solutions to sustain funds and create resilience. They are going to demo 5 use cases on how fundraising can be digital to engage donors and grow. These demos will cover virtual events, forecasting, reporting, growing major gifts, donor self services, and direct mail to digital.
Then at 10am (PT) viewers are learning how institutions are tackling vaccine distribution in [](https://www.salesforce.com/form/sfdo/edu/building-innovation-vaccine-response/?_ga=2.54257640.1107061001.1619107181-219845214.1586544338)**.** You’ll hear how Indiana University “activated a best-in-class COVID Response program to safely bring students back and manage their campus.” Additionally, you’ll learn how UMass Medical School, Commonwealth Medicine, “developed a corps of volunteers to accelerate the administration of vaccines by leveraging untapped populations.” Sounds very helpful and essential to universities around the world if you ask me.
Finally at 6pm (CDT) the Salesforce Developer group in Austin, TX is hosting [](https://trailblazercommunitygroups.com/events/details/salesforce-salesforce-developer-group-austin-united-states-presents-straightforward-email-integration-match-my-email-vs-einstein-activity-capture/)**.\*\* As a user of Salesforce, you can spend hours just researching the products that allow you to be competitive in the market. Those in the marketing field have to balance their emails to be both filled with content and answers, as well as simple enough to engage your readers. You will learn how to do this and compare Match My Email vs. Einstein Activity Capture to see which one works for you. The first 100 attendees will receive a $20 DoorDash voucher, so you got to sign up ASAP!
Our last event is on Friday, April 30th at 12pm (MDT) and is all about triggers. The Colorado Springs, CO Salesforce User group is hosting [](https://trailblazercommunitygroups.com/events/details/salesforce-salesforce-user-group-colorado-springs-united-states-presents-the-wonderful-thing-about-triggers/) and you know what they say, tiggers are wonderful things and you aren’t the only one who needs help. If you want to find out more about them, when to use and not use them, how to write one, and the best practices on managing triggers, then you are in luck! This is good information for any admin, regardless if you are a newbie or an expert.

##

Last week Salesforce had it’s first ever **Nonprofit Summit!** Between 30+ content sessions, demos, networking opportunities, and guest speakers such as Amal Clooney, Leslie Odom Jr., and Jane Goodall, it was a day to remember. Tweet us to let us know what your favorite session was and how you enjoyed the event!
The Salesforce Women in Tech group of Irvine, CA hosted **Introducing Community in Trailhead Go: Watch Party**! to walk you through the new releases around Trailhead Go. The Denver, CO Salesforce Developer group hosted a **DevOps Demo Day** to present short demos of different aspects of devops. Did you end up presenting? In **How to Drive Student Advising Successes Across Campus** had Central New Mexico Community College to speak about how they implemented Advisor Link to streamline their advising process for prospective and current students across multiple campuses.
Then Salesforce covered the various options to connect Salesforce to email, focusing on extra functionality that comes with Salesforce Inbox in **Work More Efficiently with Email.** We got to hear from 3 Trailblazers in a 30 minute session on **Staying Motivated &amp; Focused** in these times. Lastly, the San Ramon, CA Salesforce Admin group hosted **Cruise Ahead with Intro to Coding &amp; Apex Triggers (Part 1) &amp; Aloha Kona Search for Awesome Admins**. They talked about triggers and locating records, and gave out a prize. Did you win the prize? Tweet us [@mkpartners](http://www.twitter.com/mkpartners) and let us know what your favorite event was!
Also, make sure to [let us know](https://news.mkpartners.com/AppExchange) if you think there are any events worth mentioning and what event you are excited about this upcoming week. And, as always, we will see you in the cloud!
